Let me tell you, today this lamp will be changed to Tibetan.
some people
You also experience
Someone you care about gets hurt in front of you
And you can only look at me helplessly
Feel it
A knife hangs over his head at all times
But there's nothing you can do
Lu Dingtian, what do you want to do?
What do I do?
Can't you see?
I've had enough
I won't play with you if the table is turned over.
Remember to enter the country
Without me
You can't be the president of Lu Enterprises Group
Dad Dong
What did your grandfather ask you to do before he died?
He asked you to take care of Lu Enterprises
He loves you so much
Do you want to ruin his efforts?
I before
It's stepping into space.
Too many cups
But I've got it figured out now.
What's going on?
What responsibility?
So bullshit
tired
So tired
Police uncle
There are bad people
ACHOO ACHOO Don't ACHOO
ACHOO, can't you bite?
You are involved in a multi-year broadcast injury
The former wants to continue to prove
Please cooperate with our investigation.
If heat is prohibited
Please let go of the hostage in your hands
Otherwise, we will also deal with you according to law.
Don't worry, uncle police.
I won't be hurt by this scum
grab
Then break up
do it all over again